driver: watchdog: npcx: support longer watchdog timeout (#72506)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/releases/release-notes-3.7.rst

* W1

* Watchdog

>   * Added :kconfig:option:`WDT_NPCX_WARNING_LEADING_TIME_MS` to set the leading warning time
>     in the unit of milli-second. Removed no longer used :kconfig:option:`WDT_NPCX_DELAY_CYCLES`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Added :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_WDT_NPCX_WARNING_LEADING_TIME_MS` to set the leading warning time
    in milliseconds. Removed no longer used :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_WDT_NPCX_DELAY_CYCLES`.
```

Author: done.
